*Chapter 1*

I jerked up hearing someone screaming in my ears. I covered my ears with my palms to avoid the voice, but nothing happened because it was Jess. She is so loud that you could not even hear the fire alarm if she is screaming. I place one of my hands on her mouth to stop her and let her know I am awake.
“Stop it. I am awake,” I screamed making her stop.
She smiled her beautiful smile and said, “Happy birthday to me.”
“Happy birthday Jess,” I wished her. We were both 20 now.
“Thank you very much, Sydney.” She said and stood on the bed.
“Not a teenage girl anymore, huh?” I said. “Yes, growing with you. So, what's the plan for the day?” She asked annoyed with me for hiding it from her.
“Let's get dressed first, and then I-,” She ran to the bathroom before I could even finish my sentence. I sat there revising the plan I had done for the day.
She came back a couple of minutes later in her bathrobe and I rushed to the bathroom in a hurry not wasting a minute of the day. When I stepped back in the room, she was already dressed in faded blue jeans, an orange tee and a black jacket on top.
I went through the closet to find something that would fit the day. I decided on a pair of black jeans, a gray t-shirt and a black jacket because we decided to wear the same jacket. I entered the room and sat on the bed while she was straightening her hairs in front of the mirror.
“So the first thing is Scuba diving which would probably take 4 hours because we would have to get trained first. Then, we would have food somewhere and after that is...skydiving,” I said excitedly. She was looking at me through the mirror begging me to say it's a prank but no, that was what we were going to do. She turned around and said “Are you sure?” I was stopping my laughter cause the frightened look on her face was so funny. She was scared to death of height. “Look at yourself in the mirror,” I said between my laughter.
“We are not doing that,” She ordered.
“Its all planned,” I said laughing.
“What if we die?” I laughed hard at her when she said this.
“We will haunt people as ghosts,” I said. This time she laughed too.
I controlled my laughter. “Nothing would happen, it is an experience of the lifetime. Maybe this is the time to overcome the fear.” I tried to motivate her. By her face I could tell she was thinking about it.
“Ok. But not after this time” She accepted my offer still looking scared. Either it was really easy to convince her or she was hiding her fear.
I brushed my hair and we left the hotel. We arrived at the destination that had both scuba and skydiving.
***
Scuba diving was really fun. Jess was flirting shamelessly with the instructor while training. He was really blushing when she made a comment on him, and I was enjoying watching them. When we were in the water, it felt so beautiful to feel weightless, as if this is just another world of its own where you don't hear anything except your breathing and your heart beat. It was truly the best thing I have ever done in my lifetime but maybe skydiving would beat it. After scuba diving we went to grab some lunch and then was the time for skydiving. We entered the nearly empty building. “Good afternoon” A guy probably of our age greeted us. Oh, so now it was my turn to flirt. I looked at Jess, and she winked at me reading my thoughts. “Good afternoon, boy,” I said. He smiled and told us he is our instructor, and his name is Patrick, and we could call him Pat. “Hey pat, I am Sydney, and she is Jessica. Well, you can call me Sid.”
“Nice to meet you, Sid,” He greeted.
He took us farther in the building and made us learn about skydiving, all the equipment and how to use them. Then, we tried them practically which was quite easy as compared to what I had expected.
Pat, me and Jess were moved to a helicopter after an hour and half of practicing. The helicopter was at the height of 12,000 ft (3.66 km) when we were told to jump off it. Jess was frightened since the time we climbed in the helicopter. I told her to jump first. “You go first,” I said.
“I don't want to,” She almost cried.
“Lifetime experience, forgot about that? Its now or never. Go for it.”
She took deep breaths to calm herself and went towards the door. She looked down, at me and then again down. After taking a couple of seconds, she jumped. I was expecting her to scream out her lungs, but no voice came except the air flowing around. I reached the door looked down and jumped. Within seconds, I reached where Jess was. She smiled at me and then looked around her, I did the same. The rhythm of the air with my heart beat was so perfect that I closed my eyes just to feel that music. My body was flowing in the air just like a leaf. I opened my eyes to see it was the time to open the parachute. I pulled the straps down and the parachute spread itself in the air. I looked at Jess, she was just a little far from me. I could see her struggling to pull the straps down. “Pull the straps down sharply Jess,” I shouted in the air. “They aren't going down, I am trying,” She screamed. “Try hard Jess, quickly.” She was starting to go lower than me now without her parachute. She was just seconds away from hitting the ground. I could feel the bile rising in my throat but my heart told me she would be fine. “Jess pull 'em down,” I shouted. “I can't,” She screamed and hit the ground. “Jess,” I screamed being unable to get what just happened.
Did her parachute not open? Is it a nightmare?
Did my best friend just... What happened?
I looked at where she fell, I couldn't see her, I could just see a hole. I landed after what felt like an eternity. I threw the bag that was on my back and ran to where she fell. I looked at her face she wasn't smiling at me, she wasn't even looking at me. She was hiding in that hole that she dug herself. At that moment I realized that she was dead. I never knew how difficult that word could be until now. Her eyes were closed, she was in a sound sleep that she would never wake up from even if I screamed at her. My best friend in the whole world died in front of my eyes. I could see nothing but the blood coming out of her body from almost everywhere. It was all my mistake. I forced her to do skydiving even when she didn't want to. I made fun of her when she told about dying. I myself did this to my best friend. Why? Why didn't I die in her place? Why was there no problem in my parachute? Why did I plan this shit that took her life? I could feel the tears flowing endlessly from my eyes. I could hear the sound of helicopter landing somewhere near me but nothing made sense. Someone tried to pull me up from the ground but I had no power to resist. I saw two men, who were in the helicopter, pulling out Jess's body from the hole. One of them checked her pulse as if she would survive after falling from 12000 ft (3.66 km). “She is dead,” He said. I knew she was dead but hearing someone else say that made my heart shatter into pieces. I could feel the ground shifting under me. “Calm down, Sid. Just breathe slowly,” Someone said.
“I don't want to live,” I said again and again, nothing else made sense.
“You are going to pass out if you don't breathe,” I heard someone say. Before I could understand what that meant everything turned black.

***
I opened my eyes hearing someone talking near me. The surrounding lights would have blinded me if I won't have closed my eyes. I opened my eyes again to let them adjust in the brightness. The place seemed unfamiliar to me. I looked around to see I was in a hospital. I could hear Patrick and the doctor talking about my health. Both looked at me in unison when I tried to sit up. Patrick came forward and placed a hand on my shoulder.
“You have to rest for a while,” He said. The doctor left the room. Realization of what happened with Jess hit me when he said this. “Where is Jess?” I asked hurriedly even when I knew she is no more Jess, she is just a body.
“She is right now in the hospital morgue,” He said quietly.
“I want to meet her,” I ordered.
“No, you can't. That's against the rules,” He told.
“I don't care about your rules. I just want to meet her,” I shouted. The doctor barged in. “I want to meet Jess.” I cried. The doctor denied, checked me and left the room without speaking anything. I decided to give up because hospital rules were strictly followed.
“Did you call her parents?” I asked Pat.
“Yeah, we got the number from her phone. They would be here any minute,” He replied.
“I want sometime alone,” I requested.
“Hmm... Yeah, sure.” He said and left the room.
As soon as I was alone my mind started racing with thoughts of Jess's death. It was all my mistake that she died and now I would have to leave with this guilt forever. I would never be able to forgive myself for this.
After a few minutes Jess's parents came in with mine — obviously they would have called my parents too. They tried to soothe my pain, but nothing could make me feel less guilty. The guilt has made a space in my heart that could never be eliminated. I could never forget the grief of Jess's death.

*Chapter 2*

It has been eleven days since Jess's death but it feels like a 100 years without her beautiful smile and dumb jokes. My parents forced me to live with them for a month so I have been living at my parents house since then. It feels awkward to live with them because I am used to live with Jess all the time in our rented apartment. And my room here seems so small, childish and uncomfortable that I doubt that I spent sixteen years here. 
The funeral was going to be held today, but I am not sure if I have enough will and courage to stand in her funeral let alone give a eulogy. I have been trying to write one but every time it ends with me having a breakdown. What would I even say, that I am the reason why this funeral is being held, that Jess is no more because of my stupidity and I should be punished for what I did. So I went downstairs to tell mom about it. She was in the kitchen drinking water.
“Mom, I thought that I should not go to the funeral,” I stated without any emotions.
“Why's that?” She asked placing her glass of water on the counter.
“Because I think that the reason everything happened that day is me and Jess's parents would not be happy to see me after my mistake,” I said.
“I have been in contact with skydiving company, and they told me that they are really sorry for what happened, and they did not know that the parachute bag was defective. So none of this is your fault and I think you should go to the funeral because-”
“Mom, I don't want to,” I cut her.
“ I think you should tell her a last goodbye, she was the only friend you had. You owe her that much respect. She deserves a goodbye from you.” She tried to convince me with her words.
“Mom, I have lost each bit of respect that she had for me,” I cried.
“You can not be sure about that, maybe she doesn't want you to blame yourself when none of it is your mistake,” She continued. “Mrs. Watson has specially sent an invitation for you,” “But what if Jess doesn't want me there?” I questioned.
“What if she does, Sydney,” She convinced.
I knew she wasn't going to give up, so I faked a smile and said "Ok, I will go.”

***
The funeral was being held in a nearby church as per the invitation. When I reached the church I was shocked to see that every single flower, every single curtain and every single human being was in white. Did her parents not know that Jess hated the colour white? “White is the colour of dull people, who cry all the time. Anything that is not white is approved by me,” She used to say. Maybe only I knew about her choices because I was the only one who wasn't in white. I entered to see that Jess's mom was approaching me with a smile on her face.
“Thank you very much for coming,” She said.
“I'm really sorry for what happened,” I apologized even it couldn't change anything.
“You don't need to be sorry about it,” She said with a sad smile. “Are you going to say a eulogy?” She asked hoping I would say yes.
“No actually I didn't come up with anything.”
“Sydney, eulogies aren't prepared, they are what your heart want to say. You don't write a eulogy, it's spontaneous. Jess would really love it if you would say what is in your heart and....say something about your friendship,” She offered me.
I don't know what was in my head at that moment but I accepted her offer. “Ok, I would,” I said with a confidence that even shocked me.
“Thank you so much. I really appreciate it,” She said.
“You are welcome.”
She walked me towards the stage and I stood in front of the mic. My whole body was sweating and shaking so much that I don't even remember what happened in the next few minutes. I said whatever was in my head without even thinking about it. When my speech was over everyone clapped and the sound of the claps was almost deafening me. I have never given a speech on my own and Jess's eulogy being the first was so overwhelming that I couldn't take it. The feeling was so much to take that I thought I would explode any moment. I ran from the stage, from the place itself. I ran at the highest speed I could have. I could see everything passing like a blurred image. I took turns after turns without thinking where am I going. My legs gave out really sooner than what I expected and I fell on ground on my face. It hurt so bad that I could not even feel my body, my legs, nothing and then I realized how difficult it might have been for Jess to hit the ground from the height of 1200 feet. My pain didn't even stand a chance in front of hers. I tried to lift myself up but I lost my balance and fell back to the ground. My eyes were all watery because I have been crying since when I started running. I felt someone's hand on my back. “Are you okay?” By her voice I could tell that it was a girl. I turned myself to look at her but all I could see was a blurred image of a girl leaning towards me. I wiped my eyes to see clearly. If I did not know Jess the way I do then I bet that I would think that the girl standing in front of me is Jess. She was looking just like Jess. Jess had a birthmark in her eyebrow that you could never find unless she told you about it but this girl didn't seem to have a birthmark like Jess's. She offered me her hand, I took it and stood up. “Are you alright?” She asked.
“I have never seen you here,” I told ignoring her question. If she was living here, than there is no chance that I don't know about her unless it's the first time she is coming out of her house.
“I just moved here about eleven days ago,” She answered. This definitely has to be a coincidence. She moved here on the exact day of Jess's death.
“Yourself?” I asked.
“I am Jesleene.”
If anything, after everything that had happened in my life, had the power to surprise me was this. I mean she is just like another version of Jess.
“I am Sydney” I told her.
“Are you okay?” She asked third time.
“I don't think it is any of your business.” I am tired of giving explanations to everyone around me. I want to avoid people as much as I can.
“Well, I have read that strangers are the best people to talk to about sad stories, than anyone else,” She said.
“How do you even know that I have something of a sad story to tell?”
“I don't think anyone would run like this if everything is going well in their life” She countered.
“I am not a bit interested in your bullshit” I said plainly.
“I never said you are. Take it easy. Just wanted to know about you.”
“You are irritating me now,” I said.
“Am I? That was not my motive,” She said with what I think was sarcasm.
“I don't want to sell my story, so just go away,” I growled.
“I can't go way because I just live here.” She pointed to the house on her right. I looked at her house it looked very familiar. I looked at the house neighboring her house and found that her house exactly next to my house.
“This one's mine,” I said pointing at it. She looked at it, top to bottom even when both of our house were almost similar.
“Hello, neighbor,” She greeted enthusiastically.
“Goodbye,” I said and left.
I took a deep breath when I entered my house. After peeking in the living room, I decided to go to my room because mom was on the sofa watching television. I wanted to avoid any conversation with her because I knew that it would only break me down. Just as I stepped on the wooden staircase, it creaked. I cursed under my breath.
“Sydney, is it you?” My mom asked while walking towards the stairs.
“Yes, mom,” I answered.
“Mrs. Watson called me, and she said-”
“Mom, I know what you are talking about but I can't explain it,” I told her.
“Tell me about it.”
“Mom, I can't. It will only make me feel low,” I said.
“Sydney, I think you should be open like the way you were. Don't cut yourself off from people, that is not going to help you in any way,” She said sympathetically.
“Mom, I don't think there's anything I need to open up about. And the last thing I want from anyone is sympathy.”
“Why don't you understand that it was not your mistake,” She said with a hint of frustration. But it didn't bother me. Nothing could.
“Cause, I don't want to understand and accept a lie. And please let me do what I want, please.” I said and ran to my room not waiting for her reply. I locked the door when I was in my room and opened all the windows to let the fresh air get in. I stood in front of the mirror and looked at myself. My clothes were all dirty and on my shoulder my shirt was torn, tearing me T-shirt. I don't know how I am going to survive through this. This is all mess what my life has become. And I can't do anything about it. Without Jess, it feels like.....like a........I don't even know what I am feeling and I can't explain it. It has all turned numb or maybe I have. I forced myself to walk to bed and go asleep in the dreamland where Jess is still alive.

*Chapter 3*

I heard loud banging on the door. I stood up immediately and walked to the door. Mom and dad were both standing on the door when I opened it.
“What have you been doing. We were so worried about you?” She asked quickly.
“I was sleeping,” I answered.
“You know you are not allowed to lock the door. That is the first rule. And why are you doing all these things when you are not this kind of person,” My dad said.
“I wanted to have some time alone. That's all. And what are you guys talking about? I didn't do anything wrong. And there should be no rules on what I want to do.”
“Sydney, why are talking like this with your dad,” Mom reacted.
“Because you guys are trapping me in this.....,” I tried to make them understand, but they just won't listen to me.
“I don't want to talk,” I cried.
“But, listen to us-” I slammed the door on their face. And the moment I did it I realized that it was so wrong. I could still hear them talking about me, but I was least interested.
I changed my clothes and sat on the chair in front of the window.
“Feeling alone?” Someone said from the next door. I looked up even when I knew it was Jesleene. “Hey,” She chirped. I closed the window and blinds. My phone ringed from the bedside table. It was mom. What does she want to talk about now? Can't she give up for once?
“What do you want mom?” I asked.
“Your dad had an accident near the church, and he is in the hospital right now. I am on my way and please be in the house until I come back.” What? How can this be possible, he was just in the house a few minutes ago.
“I..... Can I come there?” I asked praying for her to say yes.
“Sydney, I think it is best for you if you stay in the house” She said politely.
“But I-” She cut me there.
“Please, just do as I say. You wouldn't feel good if you come here. With all the mess going in your life I don't want you to be a part of it. Please stay in the house. I would be there when...... Bye” She cut the call.
I was left shocked. How can that happen? I had no idea what was happening. I felt a little pain in my chest. My dad.... I didn't even talk to him with respect. Why is everything becoming so deadly. I opened the windows to let in some fresh air for me to breath.
“Are you crying?” She asked.
“Can't you leave me alone?” I shouted because I knew it was her.
“Is everything alright?” She asked again.
Why does she have to jump in my life and act like she is helping me in anything. She is making my life no less miserable that it already is.
I heard her say, “coming mom.” She left the window, smiled at me sadly and left the room. I could never make out the reason of her smiling at me that way.
I could see the sunset from the little space between Jesleene's and my house.
I left the window and looked at the wall opposite to my bed. This wall has been the only source of light in my life since the last eleven days. Every inch of the wall is covered with photos of Jess and me. We began sticking pictures when we were twelve. Every time we came back home during the vacation we used to add more pictures. It was Jess's idea to decorate the wall with pictures and both me and her decorated one wall of her room and one of mine. I smiled at myself when I saw the one which was clicked when we were off the ground jumping in the public garden. Jess jumped so high that she couldn't balance after landing and fell on the ground. I laughed all the way home that day.
I was staring at that wall for more than an hour when my phone buzzed, it was mom, so I answered hurriedly.
“Is he fine?” I asked.
“Yes, he is totally fine, just broke one bone and lost some blood. You don't need to worry about it at all. You're getting me?” She replied.
“Yeah…sure.”
“I will be home late so cook yourself something good and fill up your stomach.”
“Mom, I am sorry,” I apologized.
“For?”
“For not listening to you and behaving rudely with both of you,” I almost cried.
“You don't need to be. We understand that you are going through a lot yourself.”
“I am really sorry,” I said.
“Its fine honey, just stay in the house and don't do anything that you'd regret later.”
“Yes mom.”
“I will talk to you later. Bye.”
“Bye.” I cut off the call and sat on chair watching the pictures. From the corner of my eye I saw Jesslene entering her room. I could feel her staring at me but this time she didn't interrupt me which I was really thankful for.
***

I woke myself up through the sunlight that was falling on my face. I really liked to wake up in the sunlight, so I was never used to shut off my windows. I found myself in the bed, maybe mom shifted me in the night. It was eight in the morning. I walked downstairs to see that I was alone in the house. On the sofa table I could see a note. I went there to see it. It read:
I know you didn't eat food last night, so I cooked it for you in the morning. Have it before calling me.
XX mom XX.

I opened the refrigerator to find a lot of food in their. After heating it, I had almost all of it because I didn't have anything since last morning.
I called mom to know what is going in the hospital. She answered exactly after one ring- maybe she was expecting me to call her.
“Had your food?” she asked immediately.
“Yeah. It was good.”
“Are you feeling well?” she questioned again.
“Mom, I truly feel that you should focus on dad because I can take care of myself. Just know that dad needs you right now.”
“I want to be there with both of you.” After taking a pause, she continued, “Anyways, I'll be home around one with your dad.”
“He is alright to come home now?” I asked.
“Yes”
“Ok, bye” I said.
“Yeah, bye.”
I went back to my room to look at the picture wall. If I had known that this was going to happen, I would have had savored every moment that I spent with her. I wouldn't have wasted a second of the time I had with her. If she was alive right now she would not let me look at this wall, she'd say, “why are you looking at this wall when I am standing in front your goddamned eyes?”
I was used to Jess being near me 24*7. Our apartment was on the top floor of the building, so we had a fire exit that went through the kitchen to the terrace. We used to lay there for hours in the night. Sometimes we even slept there because we were to lazy to go downstairs. Only we had access to that terrace and I guess no one knew that we were using it to chill out.
I decided to go out for a run instead of being left alone with my thoughts. I wore a tank top and a matching pair of yoga pants. It was almost eleven, so I decided on running around the streets before mom comes. I locked the main door behind me and put the keys in my pocket. After taking a few steps towards the left for the start, I started to run. Streets after streets I ran on a normal pace so that my legs don't give out. When I arrived near the public park, I forced my legs to not go in their because everything in the park reminds me of Jess. But my mind made me enter the park. I rested on a bench after taking several rounds in the park. Sweat covered every inch of my body but I couldn't care less. When my heart beat reached its normal pace, I stood up to go back home but someone grabbed my hand from behind.
“Hey.” Is she following me? Why can't she leave me on my own?
“Are you following me?” I asked her.
“Why would I?” she questioned.
“Because I think that you can't live without irritating me.”
“Me? Irritating? I think I have been nothing but nice to you,” She said with a hint of frustration.
“I don't even want you to talk to me let alone be nice to me.”
“Oh, then guess what? I don't care about you. You are not a bit worth my time.” She stated.
“You are wasting my time right now,” I said controlling my anger.
“Am I? What will you even do with your time? Sit on the chair in your room and look at the same wall for hours and cry over it until you have no more tears left.”
“I guess you have nothing to do with your time because you are wasting it while peeking in my room.” I wanted to punch her right in the face but I stopped myself.
“Because I wanted to help you out,” She said.
“You think that you are helping me...seriously? You are making my life here more miserable than it already is,” I said through my teeth.
“Miserable, you call your life miserable. I think you know nothing about the word miserable. I can't even laugh at your misunderstanding because it's so pitying. You think crying over things make your life miserable? ... Ok tell me what have you gone through which makes your life miserable? A break up? What can be more than that for a priss girl like you. A boy cheating on you? That has to be it. Your life is not even close to what a miserable life is. So stop using the word for God's sake.”
“Who has given you the right to talk shit about me! You know more about the word than keep to yourself and never talk to me again,” I said and ran away. I could not stand to be in that park for one more second. Who the hell she thinks she is while talking crap about me!
My parents were just coming out of the car when they saw me. I approached my dad to apologize.
“I am sorry, Dad.”
“It's fine. But don't repeat these mistakes ever again,” he said politely.
“Let's get in,” said my Mom.
After a few minutes with my parents I decided to take a bath because I was all sweaty and smelly. The only place where used to think that I was the only one alive on the earth was my bathroom, but now I don't want to think about that anymore. I want Jess to be with me even if she can't.
It took me an hour to get out of the bathroom and particularly to get out of the thoughts about Jess. I wore one of Jess's T-shirt that I had and matching pair of pants. Even wearing the t-shirt that belong to her makes me feel more guilty but I still wanted to wear it and feel Jess around me.
When the doorbell rang I wondered who would it be because we didn't have many guests in our house when I was young. I and Jess used to guess who would it be and the one who is closer wins. It used to be fun because Jess always thought it was the guy from next door who came searching for her. None of us knew the actual name of that guy, but we used to mention him as Jason. We thought a lot about his name, even asked a few neighbors, but he wasn't popular enough, so we decided on the name Jason. We crossed him everyday while our morning walk. Once me and Jess were waiting for the elevator when he stepped out of his house in gray T-shirt and black jeans to take the elevator and Jess looked at me and.pomted towards the stairs so that she could talk to him alone. And I, being a true friend, took the stairs and pushed the elevator button on each floor so that she has more time with him. But even then she didn't ask him his name, which was a shame. The next day I told her to do all the household work as a return favour. I was smiling on this memory when I heard a knock on my door.
“The door is open.”
“You got a courier,” my mom said.
“Me? I didn't order anything.”
She placed a big carton on my bed and said, “This is from Mrs. Watson.”

*Chapter 4*

I opened the carton to find all the belonging of Jess in there with a note on top.

‘You deserve these things. I have already thought about it for days so don't think about it more and keep them safe with you. And don't think that I don't have anything of her, I have a whole room that reminds me of her. I don't want you to return it, just use them as you want to.
~ Melissa'

It just took me just a second to recognize all of her things. I was staring at the note when mom asked, “These are Jess's clothes, aren't they?”.
“Yes. She wants me to keep all of her possessions and not return them back to her.”
“What do you want to do?” she asked pressurising on the word you.
“I don't know, maybe I shouldn't keep these things with me because…”
“Because you think it's your mistake,” She completed my words.
“Ya, but she doesn't want me to return it to her. What shall I do?” I asked confused.
“If I would be in your shoes then I would have taken it because that's what Mrs Watson wants,” she said slightly unsure.
“Is that was she really wants, or she just wrote it?” I asked her.
“If I were on her place I would have never given my girl's possessions to anyone. And she is giving it you which means that she really wants you to have them,” she said completely sure this time. It was as if she was convincing herself rather than me that I should have Jess's things or not. But anyways, there was no other option left for me and neither was I unhappy with Jess's things reminding me of her. So I accepted the carton. I stood up from the bed, turned the chair that was facing the picture wall towards my study table and sat on it. Taking a pen and paper from the drawer I started writing a thank-you letter.
“What should I write?” I asked.
“Just write something that she would be happy to see and I leave you to it.” She said and made her way downstairs.
After writing for about an eternity I finally decided on this:

'Melissa, as you always wanted me to call you by your name and not Mrs Watson. Feels weird but I would continue with it. I wanted you to know that I truly appreciate the fact that you want me to have Jess's belongings. And I assure you that I would always keep them with me safe and secured, always.
~ Sydney'

I folded the letter neatly and went downstairs.
“Can I get an envelope, Mom?” I asked.
“Yes of course.” She stood and went in her room. She came back with a new white envelope in her hand.
“Where's dad?” I asked.
“He is taking rest for a while.”
“Ok, and I am going to give it to her.”
“Yeah sure.”
I wore my jacket before leaving the house to prevent myself from cold. I did not want to post it to her, I never posted anyone anything in my life. I just wanted to place the letter in her mailbox. Jess's house was just a couple of minutes of walk which was the reason why I always opted for walking to her house.
I placed the letter in the mailbox and took my way back home. During my walk, the question bugging me was that if the letter I wrote was right or it was way too casual or dramatic. I couldn't distinguish whether it was casual or dramatic.
I heard my mom calling me from the kitchen when I entered the house. I went in there to see that she was leaning against the counter with her hand folded in front of her chest, as if waiting to give a long lecture. Mom gestured me to take the chair and all I knew was that it was a serious conversation and I had to be a part of it. I took my place and mom began, “we have been thinking about you since a few days, your dad and I, and what you are going to do after a couple of weeks when you will be leaving us. It's quite complicated, I know, but you will have to find a way out of it as soon as you can.”
I knew she was referring to my change after Jess's death, even I could feel it, but I think there was something else like something that she wanted to tell. So, I kept quiet and let her say.
“So, we came up with a solution...mm....it's something that you might not like, but we think it is the best for you right now.”
“Please get to the point straight through,” I said because I wanted to know what they want.
“Support group. We think it is good for you.” She rattled off.
Oh, was all I could say. I don't know where this came from and to be honest I don't even know much about the mechanism of a support group. From what I have heard, It is a place where you go when you think that you are not mentally healthy.
So they probably think that I am mentally ill and unfit. I know that things haven't been falling into place since then but it doesn't mean that I have to go to a support group. Does it? I don't think so. I was so lost in my thoughts that I didn't even realize that she was waiting for an answer.
“Mm... No. I am all fine. And I do not need a support group.”
“I know what you think about a support group and I have researched about it thoroughly. There is nothing bad about going to one. They help you grow and move on in your life,” she said.
“But Mom, I do not need this, I am okay with my life and please don't ruin it.”
“You are not okay in your life. And even being okay doesn't help. You need to be happy.”
“What do you want from me, Mom? I accepted your offer for living here for a whole month. I gave a eulogy in the funeral because you wanted me to. I tried to be nice to you guys. I did everything you told me to and this is what you give me back,” I told them.
“I know you did everything you could. I know that. But just understand that this is beneficial for you. We would never take a decision that would harm you or make you unhappy.”
“I really appreciate that you thought about it and I know that you want me to be happy. But this is not where my happiness lies. I do not want this.”
“Sydney, just listen to me once. At least think about it for a while. And I promise that this is the last thing I ask from you. Please go for it,” she pleaded.
Why is she making it difficult for me to tell her a clear no for it. She really wants me to go to a support group, I can just read it in her eyes. But I don't want to. What should I do?
“Mom, I think I need some time to think because...mm...”
“It's okay. You can have your time. Just think about it in and out,” She said.
“Yeah, I would.”
I left the kitchen and its thick air to go upstairs in my room. I was thankful that there were only two room upstairs and one of them being a guest room was really helpful for my privacy.
I just needed space whenever I was in this house, I don't know why. It would probably be because I don't have a habit of living with my parents. Anyways, I just don't want to go to a support group. But Mom and Dad would be really pissed if I let them down. Ugh, I hate making decisions about my own.
I searched for my laptop around the room but I couldn't find it. I opened the door to room and shouted so that Mom could hear, “did you bring my laptop from my apartment?”
“I thought you would need it,” She shouted back while coming out of her room to see me.
“Yes, I do need it but I can not find it.”
“It is the drawer beside your study table,” She answered smiling at me
I thanked her and locked the door again. After starting it, I found that it was running out of power. I plugged it in the charger and sat on my table. There were thousands of results when I searched about support groups. So I narrowed them down to the ones that are quite near my house. I took out a pen and paper and noted down the names, then I read the reviews about the people who have been a part of it and most of them were happy now. One of the reviews read :
'I lost my brother when I was 14, I just didn't want to live after that. I even tried to take my own life twice. My parents forced me to go to a support group and I just wouldn't listen to them. Just like many of you out there I thought it was for ill minded people, but I was wrong. To say that it turned my life upside down would me a big understatement, because not only the people there made me live my life, but they also taught me how to be happy. And from what I have learned is that there is nothing like a sad ending.'

There were other reviews of people who lost their loved ones and were truly depressed after that and all of them had a good life turning experience in a support group. It felt like a lie, a big, fat lie. I mean how is this possible that everyone had a quality time there and everyone is happy now. I scrolled through the reviews to find a negative one. My eyes spotted a one-star review written by Tom Walker, it read:

I know that you were searching for a negative review, even I was when my parents told me to join a support group but thankfully I didn't find any. If I had, then I don't think I would have learned to solve the problems of life. Joining a support group won't make you happy for your whole life, but the people there would make you learn how to lead your way, how to fight away problems, how to be free, how to get your life on the right track, but most importantly how to deal with pain. So I write this review not to oppose the support group but to defend them because I know people are searching for a negative review. And trust me there is nothing bad about going to a support group. I am proud of it.
I think I have made my decision and I have no doubt about it. So, I turn off the laptop and go downstairs to talk to mom.
